[core] Add 'Order id 💳' section in issues (#952)
mui-org/material-ui-x: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1.bug.md

  Output from `npx @material-ui/envinfo` goes here.
```
</details>

## Order id 💳

<!--
  The Pro plan comes with priority over the Community/MIT plan.

>   Leaving your order id will help us give the attention your problem deserves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Providing your order id will help us give your problem the attention it deserves.
```
